Q . What is the role of feature variables in a classification problem?


To provide additional context to the target variable

To assess the performance of the model

To determine the accuracy of the model

To classify the target variable into different categories


Ans : To classify the target variable into different categories


Q . Which of the following best defines the target variable in a classification problem?


The variable used for feature engineering

The variable used for making predictions

The variable used for normalization

The variable being predicted

Ans : The variable being predicted


Q . In a binary classification problem to predict whether a customer will churn or not, what would be the target variable?


Customer ID

Customer income

Customer age

Likelihood of churn

Ans : Likelihood of churn



Q . Identify the target variable for this problem


BMI

currentSmoker

TenYearCHD

diabetes

Ans : TenYearCHD


Q . Based on previous tasks identify if this problem is a binary of multiclass classification problem


Binary

Multiclas

Ans : Binary


Q . You are given a dataset containing information about customers of an e-commerce website. The goal is to predict whether a customer will make a purchase or not based on their characteristics. Identify the target variable and the features variables in this scenario.


Target variable: Purchase id; Features variables: Customer age, Time spent on the website, Number of products viewed.

Target variable: Customer will make a purchase; Features variables: Customer age, Purchase amount, Time spent on the website, Number of products viewed.

Target variable: Customer age; Features variables: Purchase amount, Time spent on the website, Number of products viewed.

Target variable: Purchase amount; Features variables: Customer age, Time spent on the website, Number of products viewed.


Ans : Target variable: Customer will make a purchase; Features variables: Customer age, Purchase amount, Time spent on the website, Number of products viewed.




